one of the questions i've been asked
quite repeatedly on the last tour is how
do i find the person who's right for me
on
social media dating platforms or just in
the general world i don't know how to
answer that question how do you find the
person that's right for you but i can
say
generically that's not a good question
it's the wrong question and if you pose
the question like that you will not find
an answer the right question is how can
i make myself into the most attractive
possible mate with young men
a huge part of the answer to that is
clean up your room put your life in
order make your bed start there at least
what you're aiming at is highly
productive
generosity
with some
spine